gh-101100: Fix Sphinx warnings in `argparse` module (#103289)
python/cpython: Doc/library/optparse.rst

   you may also supply :attr:`~Option.type` and :attr:`~Option.dest` option
   attributes; see :ref:`optparse-standard-option-actions`.)

> .. class:: Values
> 
> As you can see, most actions involve storing or updating a value somewhere.
> :mod:`optparse` always creates a special object for this, conventionally called
> ``options`` (it happens to be an instance of :class:`optparse.Values`).  Option

Reviewer: IMO, it looks a little odd and potentially confusing to just have the option class definition sitting standalone like this without any explicit description, leaving readers to try to infer it from the context of the following paragraphs. While it would be ideal to rewrite this section to be a proper API reference doc per the Diataxis guidelines, which would avoid this issue and make this fit in much better, that's way out of scope here.

Instead, I suggest we either add a short description of what the `Values` class actually is in the body of this directive, move it to the appropriate spot after it is introduced and tweak the existing text accordingly, e.g.

```suggestion
As you can see, most actions involve storing or updating a value somewhere.
:mod:`optparse` always creates a special object for this, conventionally called
``options``, which is an instance of :class:`optparse.Values`.

.. class:: Values

   An object holding parsed argument names and values as attributes.
   Normally created by calling when calling :meth:`OptionParser.parse_args`,
   and can be overridden by a custom subclass passed to the *values* argument of 
   :meth:`OptionParser.parse_args` (as described in :ref:`optparse-parsing-arguments`).
   
Option
```
  
Or, alternatively, we could just not add this now and leave these warnings to be addressed in a dedicated followup:

```suggestion
As you can see, most actions involve storing or updating a value somewhere.
:mod:`optparse` always creates a special object for this, conventionally called
``options`` (it happens to be an instance of :class:`optparse.Values`).  Option
```

Author: First one looks good, thanks.

Option attributes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. class:: Option

Reviewer: This is basically the same situation as above as its just a stub without a clear or explicit description, and presumably should be handled the same way (one way or the other):

Add an explicit summary description,

```suggestion
.. class:: Option

   A single command line argument,
   with various attributes passed by keyword to the constructor.
   Normally created with :meth:`OptionParser.add_option` rather than directly,
   and can be overridden by a custom class via the *option_class* argument
   to :class:`OptionParser`.
```

Or just not add it for now and handle it in a followup:

```suggestion
```

Alternatively, or additionally, we _could_ indent the following paragraphs and attributes under the class (eliminating the extra `Option` from the attribute names), as is standard for other classes, but that would be a big delta for this PR, so is probably best considered for a followup.

  about setting a default value for the option destinations in question; they
  can just leave the default as ``None`` and :meth:`ensure_value` will take care of
  getting it right when it's needed.

Exceptions
----------

.. exception:: OptionError

   Raised if an :class:`Option` instance is created with invalid or
   inconsistent arguments.

.. exception:: OptionConflictError

   Raised if conflicting options are added to an :class:`OptionParser`.

.. exception:: OptionValueError

   Raised if an invalid option value is encountered on the command line.

.. exception:: BadOptionError

    Raised if an invalid option is seen on the command line.

.. exception:: AmbiguousOptionError

>     Raised if an ambiguous option is seen on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Raised if an invalid option is passed on the command line.

.. exception:: AmbiguousOptionError

   Raised if an ambiguous option is passed on the command line.
```

* Use clearer and more appropriate terminology
* Fix inconsistent indent with previous lines
